[Music]
you're going to want to check this out
seven differences between rich people
and poor people
not every rich person is born into a
wealthy family
so how do so many well-off people reach
their financial goals
a major difference between rich people
and those who have money problems
can be found in the way they think act
and see the world
but before you learn about the seven
things that many affluent people do
differently from the rest of the world
pay attention to the big red
subscription button
as soon as you click it you'll be taken
to the bright side of life
where you'll find hundreds of videos
these videos contain the answers to
almost any question you may have
there are also daily updates so if you
want to stay tuned
remember to turn on notifications
[Music]
all right let's count down from number
seven
rich people don't try to show off their
wealth
look at these guys one of them is rich
the other is poor
can you guess which one is poor and
which one is rich
well you might think that the wealthy
one is the guy wearing pants from a
famous designer
expensive jewelry and a haughty smirk
right
nope this guy is just trying to look
rich
but those who have money don't always
flaunt their wealth
it may sound surprising but there's no
real need to buy a pair of thousand
dollar jeans
if you can find a high quality product
that's 10 times cheaper
wealthy people understand that and
follow this strategy
and this doesn't just apply to clothes
on top of that most rich people don't
blindly follow the latest fashion trends
or buy up new collections just because
they're popular today
they realize that this isn't the best
financial investment
and even more importantly they don't
feel the need to prove anything to
anyone else
as for people with less money some of
them just like our guy
are often eager to buy something that is
trendy today
but at the same time this product often
costs a fortune
after such a purchase those who don't
have the mentality of a rich person
often have to save on buying food until
they get their next paycheck
there's a lot of truth in this statement
there are three kinds of people in the
world
the haves the have-nots and they have
not paid for what they haves
[Music]
number six rich people invest money in
certain
expensive items while some rich people
may pick cheaper
though still high quality clothes over
trendy items
at an exorbitant price there are things
they don't save on
coffee machine
[Music]
perhaps you love coffee you can't live
without drinking a cup or two a day
at the same time you believe that a
coffee machine is too expensive to
purchase
well let's do some math you pay between
two and five dollars for a cup of coffee
okay let's take 350 as the average price
if you buy at least one cup of coffee
every day
this turns into about one thousand three
hundred dollars per year
uh oh why didn't we figure this out
earlier
at the same time a good coffee machine
costs no more than five hundred dollars
isn't that an impressive difference
induction stove
[Music]
an induction stove costs twice as much
as their electric fellows
but don't think that wealthy people only
opt for induction stoves to make their
kitchen look cool
the reason is that induction stoves are
extremely efficient
and almost 90 percent of the energy
produced goes into heating your food
as for electric stoves their efficiency
is only 70 percent
gas stoves are the least effective only
40 percent of their energy is spent on
heating food
one more benefit of induction stoves is
that your meal is ready more quickly
and therefore less energy is consumed
led light bulbs despite having many
advantages
led light bulbs are still not that
popular the reason for this
is they're high cost but let's look at
some numbers
an led light bulb is eight times more
expensive than a regular incandescent
bulb
on the other hand an led bulb consumes
10 times less electricity and while your
ordinary light bulb works for a maximum
of a thousand hours
an led bulb has a service period of
between ten
thousand and twenty five thousand hours
this means that an led light bulb
is approximately seven times more
economical than an ordinary and cheap
incandescent one
[Music]
energy saving glass most people prefer
not to overpay by buying energy-saving
glass
after all a window with such glass costs
50 percent to 80 percent more than a
window with regular glass
but there's one thing you should take
into consideration
before making your final choice forty
percent of the heat generated
inside your home is lost thanks to low
quality windows
and with the money you spend on heating
it seems a bit unfair to have so much
energy heating
the outside of your house as for
energy-saving coating
depending on its style it can reduce the
transfer of heat through the glass
by 75 to 90 percent
now you can calculate how much money you
could save by having those advanced
windows
remember to include not only the excess
electricity you use for heating your
home
but also the electricity used by air
conditioners to cool
your home when it's hot outside the
great thing is that
energy saving glass works for keeping
your home both
warm and cool thermostatic shower faucet
at first it might seem that the
mechanism that regulates the temperature
of the water with preset settings is an
unnecessary extra surely you're capable
of turning on the hot water and
regulating it yourself
this gadget also costs three to four
times more than an
ordinary faucet on the other hand a
thermostatic shower faucet will start
saving you money right away
you won't have to spend ages trying to
get your preferred water temperature
in addition you'll be able to turn off
the water while you're lathering
and it will be the right temperature
when you turn it on again
wow is this how rich people's brains
work
but wait it gets even better
number five rich people make their money
work for them
while poor people work for their money
both poor and rich people work hard to
earn money
but rich people know how to make their
money work for them
they don't keep their income in savings
accounts they have funds in their budget
that they can invest
and they do this regularly rich people
sometimes have to sacrifice good
shopping to invest money
and receive much more at a later date
that's called
delayed gratification as for the less
wealthy
they tend to spend all their money this
places them in a very
unhappy vicious circle they work hard
and they spend money
then they take another job to be able to
spend more
but it's still not enough the more they
earn the more they spend
they start working on the weekend and
their life turns into a constant race of
feudal attempts to earn enough
number four rich people know how to
manage their money
one more thing that makes most rich
people stand out is their ability to
manage money
they know their budget they don't
overspend
if they use a credit card they do
everything to avoid paying finance
charges
poor people on the contrary often live
in a world of credit card bills
most of them don't keep track of their
money or plan a budget
they spend money and when it's all gone
they tend to use
credit cards number three
rich people see opportunities while poor
people see
obstacles another thing
that can differentiate the rich from the
poor is the way they think
rich people see opportunities for growth
and success
in everything they do the reasoning is
it will be a success because i will make
it a success
they take responsibility for their
actions and decisions and are ready to
go to any length
to achieve the desired results as for
poor people
they usually focus on the obstacles new
beginnings may bring potential losses
and the risks they'll have to take
number two rich people concentrate on
what they want to achieve
while poor people focus on what they
want to avoid
rich people are fighters they are
willing to overcome
obstacles to achieve their goals they
realize that you can't win
without taking risks but they don't
think about difficulties and losses
they concentrate on their target and
they get there
poor people on the contrary try to avoid
risks by all means
as they are afraid of losing their money
that's the reason why they might opt for
such
safe investments as savings accounts and
deposits
but even if they don't lose their money
this way they also don't make it work
for them
number one rich people face problems
while poor people try to ignore problems
until it's too late this doesn't mean
that wealthy people don't have any fears
connected with their business
there's probably no human being on earth
who is completely fearless
but rich people choose to face their
fears to become a more successful and
powerful individual
at the same time poor people tend to
avoid admitting that they have
fears even to themselves they prefer
their comfortable and familiar routine
defacing something
unknown and potentially risky as a
result
this prevents them from getting wealthy
so in a nutshell it's all about how you
think that makes you rich or poor now
do you think you have the mentality of a
rich or
poor person what could you do to become
rich
tell us in the comments below also
remember to press the like button
so that we can make you happy with more
informative and useful videos
see you next time